" Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. "°
" I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best "°
" Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. "°
" Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. "°
" Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. "°
" You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. "°
" If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals "°
" No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. "°
" I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel "°
" To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. "°
" Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. "°
" It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. "°
" Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. "°
" The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. "°
" Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. "°
" I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. "°
" Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read "°
" I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. "°
" I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living. "°
" If you judge people, you have no time to love them. "°
" It is never too late to be what you might have been. "°
" There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. "°
" Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere. "°
" Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. "°
" Do one thing every day that scares you. "°
" The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it. "°
" Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead. "°
" Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. "°
" Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company. "°
" I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. "°
" The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. "°
" To die will be an awfully big adventure. "°
" I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to "°
" And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it "°